???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, who I created.]

The smile of the Witch as she voiced those words appeared to be tinged with the hue of blood to Aldebaran.

As if clinging to him, as if cherishing him, as if lamenting him, as if pleading with him, as if revealing to him, as if despairing of him, the Witch gazed at Aldebaran at a proximity so close that he could feel her breathing upon him.

Her white facial features, her black irises, were things Aldebaran thought quite beautiful. ――Likely, amongst those whom Aldebaran knew, she was a contender for the first or second most beautiful.

――The combination of silver and amethyst, and the combination of white and black.

For Aldebaran, who admittedly knew nothing more than a narrow world, those were the utmost beautiful combinations of colors, and the apex of what ought to be revered the most.

△▼△▼△▼△

When the shell he had challenged many times finally cracked, it felt surprisingly hollow.

Aldebaran: [――――]

With a clang, a black orb fell onto the tea party table. While keeping his eyes on it as it rolled, Aldebaran widened his eyes in surprise. He had seen examples of what its success was meant to look like many times, and it was something he had even been made to experience himself, but he had felt like the road to actually succeeding at it himself was long and far, as if it was a never ending series of swings and misses.

Of course, it was none other than her who had told him. He would get it eventually; he had also thought so, but――,

Aldebaran: [To think when I finally got it right, it would feel this underwhelming…]

While unmistakably voicing his true feelings, Aldebaran picked up the black orb rolling on the table, and toyed with the strange sensation which felt neither cold nor warm in his palm.

He might have appeared underwhelmed, but this black orb was the apotheosis of Yin Magic―― nay, this was not something that took the righteous path, rather, taking the pinnacle of heresy, it was the forbidden art, Ol Shamak. By limiting the targets for its efficacy to those possessing Witch Factors, its effectiveness was heightened to the utmost extreme; ‘twas the sole anti-Witch trump card in this world.

With Aldebaran’s acquisition of it having been prescribed as an absolute condition, it was the hyper magic he had been endeavouring towards until today.

???: [――I know that you are immersing yourself right now, but I would like for you to turn your attention back to me already.]

Aldebaran: [Woawahhh!?]

Taken aback by the sudden voice, the black orb slipped out of Aldebaran’s hand. And, as that black orb protested “Wait, wait!” it tumbled down onto the verdant grass.

Aldebaran: [Ahh, whoops. <u>Don’t mind</u>.]

Witch: [Your manner of speech does not seem concerned in the slightest. Come on, hurry up and pick me up.]

While answering with a “Yeah yeah”, Aldebaran hastened towards the fallen black orb. Fortunately, the grass of the plain had been trimmed quite short, so there was no worry of losing sight of the orb.

Aldebaran: [Anyway, it rolls around much more than I expected… maybe it’ll be easier for you to move around now that you’re an orb, Teacher. You wanna stay like that?]

Witch: [Do not say such frightening things. Albeit it is a forbidden art of my own development, it is far too effective against those possessing Witch Factors, so it is truly impossible to exert one’s own strength. If you have seriously lost your mind to the point of wishing to seal me away, I would have no means of resisting.]

Aldebaran: [Teacher in this state, eh?]

Witch: [Huh? Why are you muttering in a way that seems like it is even slightly possible? Scary, scary. Are you making a joke in order to drive me into a corner?]

Even though she was supposed to be a Witch who did not comprehend emotions, the fact that she was so good at acting afraid grated on his nerves.

Ignoring those sentiments of his, Aldebaran spotted the black orb that had finally come to a halt, and nimbly picking it up, he rolled it around in his hand again. ――For a moment, he began to feel like he ought to keep the Witch sealed away in such a manner.

Witch: [Aldebaran?]

But, that momentary delusion was succinctly erased by a single one of the Witch’s calls.

Instead, what remained in his heart was a sense of reality that finally surged up, and the unease that accompanied it. The grand conclusion that he had always been told about, and the courage needed to grapple with that.

Aldebaran: [If you get out of here, Teacher…]

Witch: [――? What is it?]

Aldebaran: [For the most part, the preparations are in order. My Authority, the magic that was necessary, and…]

Witch: [Your growth. Indeed. ――The time for that, is nigh.]

Whether she understood Aldebaran’s feelings or not, the Witch’s voice was calm.

Since she would occasionally appear childish or strangely playful, it would be easy to form a misunderstanding. She was a Witch, and her relationship with Aldebaran was naught more than sharing in a certain objective.

By no means would their hearts ever understand each other, nor would they ever treasure the other dearly, and yet.

Witch: [It would seem like you have just a bit of a misunderstanding.]

Aldebaran: [Huh?]

Caught off guard just as he was about to settle his thoughts, he let out a foolish grunt. Within Aldebaran’s hand, the black orb, having gained the will to shatter, cracked like lightning.

That which could not be shattered by any means other than Authority or Dragon Sword, was shattered by efforts not belonging to the caster――,

Aldebaran: [――――]

The next moment, Aldebaran looked up at the Witch who had been liberated from the black orb.

With Aldebaran sprawled out on the grassy plain, the Witch gazed at him after pushing him down. Restrained by the Witch’s black eyes from up close, Aldebaran could not muster any words.

To Aldebaran, who had fallen silent, the Witch continued.

Witch: [You have no need to feel unease. I have provided you with as much knowledge as I could, and you have managed to deal with all the challenges I had presented you with. Without even seeking insight from the words of the other Witches, yes?]

Aldebaran: [Teacher, I’m…]

Witch: [You do not need to say anything.]

A finger pressed against his trembling lips, Aldebaran was silenced by the Witch, whose facial expression shifted. The Witch’s thin lips curved into a gentle half-moon, and she displayed a smile which she had never shown him before.

As if to captivate Aldebaran’s eyes, his breath, his heart, it was a smile tinged with the hue of blood.

The Witch who ought to have possessed no colors other than white and black, now displayed the hue of blood――,

Witch: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, who I created.]

The words slipped through Aldebaran’s eardrums, permeating his brain, and were seared into his soul.

Never forget, never forget, never forget; deeply engraving itself into his being was the Witch’s blessing unto Aldebaran, who had always been chasing that star until this very day.

The Witch would never speak any falsehoods. ――Ergo, that was the truth.

Aldebaran: […Nobody, can defeat me.]

Witch: [Yes, that is so. I wish for you to prove that. Certainly, there is nobody who will ever attempt to extol you, but… I alone, solemnly vow to bless you from the bottom of my heart when you succeed.]

For Aldebaran, that oath was the irresistible temptation of the Witch.

There existed in this world only two people who Aldebaran wished would acknowledge his existence. Since that was something that could never be expected from one of them, he could only pray that the other one would.

Aldebaran: [I’ll win, Teacher. ――So that I may be myself.]

Witch: [――――]

In accordance with the Witch’s expectations, Aldebaran replied so, a flame alight in his heart.

And hearing his reply, an entirely different emotion flashed through the Witch’s eyes, ever smiling. As for which of the Witch’s wounds that had originated from was, Aldebaran knew not.

Only, in the Witch’s words, her teachings, her blessing, he believed.

Before his eyes, stood the beautiful Witch of white and black. When he closed his eyes, envisioned was the beautiful Witch of silver and amethyst. 

While chasing a glaring, odiously twinkling star, Aldebaran awaited that moment.

Finally, that would be rewarded. That it would be rewarded, he believed. As if to give shape to her blessing upon Aldebaran and his courageousness, the Witch’s lips fell upon Aldebaran’s forehead.

Feeling within the sensation of those lips a wish that seemed as if the Witch was clinging to it, the Following Star whispered.

Aldebaran: [――I, no matter what, will definitely kill you.]
